vktor - a simple JSON pull parser library               (c) 2009 Shahar Evron
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
vktor is a simple library that can be used to parse JSON streams using pull,
forward only approach. 

vktor will not parse an entire JSON document at once - instead, parsing is 
iterative and whenever a JSON token is encountered, vktor will provide 
information about the token and data, which you can use in your application, 
and will allow you to continue parsing on. Previous tokens and values are 
never kept and there is no ability to jump to random points in the parsed 
JSON document. In fact, vktor doesn't need a complete JSON document - as it
works on streams.

Parsing JSON streams or documents using vktor will require more effort from
developers than one-off entire document parsers. On the other hand, it allows
to parse JSON streams (and even entire documents) in a memory-efficient 
manner, as you do not need to read the entire document first or keep a 
representation of the entire document in memory. 

Disclaimer
----------
I have started writing vktor as an educational experiment. I am not 
experienced with writing parsers and honestly I am not sure if I've done it
"the right way". Currently I am focusing on creating a complete, working 
parser, and if it works, I might optimize it. 

If you think there are ways to improve my code, by all means, please let me
know (or feel free to send patches). 

Acknowledgments
----------------
I started creating vktor after taking some inspiration and ideas from yajl
<http://github.com/lloyd/yajl/>. yajl is also a pull-parser for JSON streams
which takes an event based approach. At the time, this was less convenient 
for me so I started writing vktor, but some of the ideas and API of yajl were
used as an inspiration when creating vktor.

License
-------
vktor is Free Software, and is distributed under the terms of the MIT 
license. See COPYING for detailed licensing information.


